Hey guys what's up so in this video I just want to show you real quick.
I'm a new course created just in case anybody is interested in trying to get started with that core
2.1.
The Course covers everything from NBC middleware creating static web sites and version of control unit
testing dependency injection.
I cover all of those concepts.
In addition you're going to be using modern C as things like Google's material library.
It also covers the latest tools and package managers like you get.
So if you guys are interested in signing up I have a discounted link and the description tab below and
there's over 22 modules available and the course is complete now.
But I'll be adding more in the future.